people are going to be there again
today we will do something sweet
celestial absolute and
though chocolate mousse chocolate cream is that
a bit of a chocolate pudding but he
Do not believe what the basis will be
I was totally surprised as well
heard that goes but it works and
Although the basis for our chocolate cream
40 a avocado a hate avocado and
look what color does we have
which open now
poison green but that does not stay so delicious
chocolaty brown was all you had
you just need it if you think so
of course bigger group does more
avocados I'm doing very small now
amount really only for two people
small snack you take several
things so I take an avocado and
I'll do it here in my shredder
You can do it with one
the blender bar no problem at all
nice scratch out funny you will not
believe that looks the same
a sofa corner chocolate cream but the color
we just get that from
really poison too deliciously chocolaty
brown namely with cacau
best he takes a revealed
Variant of dark cacau that is
important because otherwise it will be very oily
avocado has a lot of fat itself
we take three spoons
then some vanilla sugar is added
better still is a vanilla bean the
scratched out and you like that
takes
Unfortunately, I have no today
because vanilla bean because of the
Vanilla sugar for me is enough
Add three level tablespoons
sugar
you can also take the agave force
Something soja cream oats cream that something
you may say we would say so
start with three tablespoons and
we can do that accordingly
increase if we see that still has to
to be a little bit different
where is it already developed here
Come on
look here now man
zack zack zack
and there arises our stockumer
and it's done that's really
real quick
you see it looks and tastes great
also super totally chocolaty and that is
Now great as a dessert I would say
Do that half an hour before you go
Serve want me even now
simple trick how not to get out of this
just chocolate cream as he can do
but also a chocolate spread because
Most chocolate creams are like nutella
the ones still have to be sold too
in it
Whether we do that in and out now
then we have a delicious one
protoss for I always take r2 is
Take another three tablespoons
that was a generous and now with
you look for those from ours so far in
bread cut up
comes one more hazel music and good ones
and now it's not just chocolate anymore
but bread spread I think
this idea and the simplicity of
Recipe just great and so you can
just on the fast what sweet delicious
conjure
no matter if it is red or in the dessert bowl
For how do you like the idea you have
schonmal nutella even made that
I would really be interested
write that in the comments
bye bye and so on
wonderful a homemade hotel
Africa